=head1 Name

README - Project5::Account, version 0.3.1 (14-Apr-2000)

=head1 Description

This is the README file for Project5::Account. Please read all
docementation carefully. The INSTALL file contains instructions
on how to setup the system

=head2 What is Project5::Account

Project5::Account is a database-driven account creation tool using
either Postgresql or Mysql as it database backend.
Basically in standalone mode it can be used as a way for a systemAdmin
to create accounts from a webbrowser.
A more powerfull angle is to use it in conjunction with a more public
system where one might want to automate the proccess of account creation.

At the moment it requires a bit of manhandling to install, and it's beta
quality code so take caution, other than that i've tried it and it works for
me (tm).

=head2 Hardware/Software

Project5::Account should have a minimal impact on the system it is run on,
i can't forsee it needing any special hardware, as long as it is capable of
running the database backend.

This program is a free software released under the GNU GPL License;
see the LICENSE file for details on license terms.

=head2 Documentation

Please read the various documents that come with Project5::Account code (in
F<doc/>).

=over 4

=item README

this document

=item Usage.txt

how to use it

=item Install.txt

how to install

=item Database.txt

a description of the database scheme

=back

=head2 Installation

See F<Install.txt>

=head1 Author

Mikael hultgren <micke@four04.com>.

=head1 Acks

Thanks to Smtp::Sendmail for insight into how smtp works,
and Slash for the hints on how to write docs

=head1 Last modified

$Id: README.pod,v 1.7 2000/04/14 01:34:58 child Exp $
